35799 (#1129)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 2 March 2023 - Integrate your DataMiner System with Microsoft Teams using DataMiner Automation [ID_35799]

From now on you can easily integrate your DataMiner System with Microsoft Teams using DataMiner Automation.

The following features become availabe as from today:
- Creating Teams
- Creating Channels
- Add members or owners to your Teams
- Sending notifications in the created Channels in the name of the DataMiner Teams bot 
- Creating a private chat between someone and the DataMiner Teams bot
- Fetching a private chat between someone and the DataMiner Teams bot
- Sending notifications in those private chats in the name of the DataMiner Teams bot 

> In an Automation script you can use [the DcpChatIntegrationHelper NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Skyline.DataMiner.DcpChatIntegrationHelper) to easily interact with Microsoft Teams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an Automation script, you can use [the DcpChatIntegrationHelper NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Skyline.DataMiner.DcpChatIntegrationHelper) to easily interact with Microsoft Teams. 
```

> Some example Automation scripts were created and explained on [GitHub](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples) to get you up to speed. 

Reviewer: Please place an empty line in front of this paragraph, so it doesn't get combined with the previous one.

```suggestion
To get started, you can find several example Automation scripts with more information on [GitHub](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples).
```

> After applying the [prerequisites](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples/README.md#usage) you can download and deploy [the DcpChatIntegrationExamples DMAPP](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples/README.md#getting-started) to your DataMiner System and immediatly try them out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have made sure the [prerequisites](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples/README.md#usage) are in place, you can download and deploy [the DcpChatIntegrationExamples DMAPP](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples/README.md#getting-started) to your DataMiner System and immediately try out these examples.
```

> As seen in [the prerequisites](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/ChatOps-Extensions/blob/main/ChatIntegrationExamples/README.md#usage), you must grant Skyline admin consent to your Microsoft tenant with certain permissions to enable these features, see [granting admin consent](https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Cloud_Platform/CloudAdminApp/Granting_admin_consent.html). These can be revoked at any time.

Reviewer: Since you already have a link to the prerequisites in the previous paragraph, I'd recommend changing this to a note instead. Also, make sure to use the UID for internal cross-references instead of the URL.

```
> [!NOTE]
> You must grant Skyline admin consent to your Microsoft tenant with certain permissions to enable these features. See [granting admin consent](xref:Granting_admin_consent). You can revoke these permissions at any time.
```
